README.md, before:

# Assiduous AI-Powered Real Estate Platform
## Documentation Index - 20 Canonical Documents

**Version:** 2.1.0-canonical  
**Last Updated:** November 6, 2025  
**Documentation Status:** CONSOLIDATED ✅ (20 canonical docs, 51 archived)  
**Implementation Status:** Infrastructure 75% | Business Features 25%  
**Project Completion:** 37.5% Overall (Infrastructure mostly complete, development portal operational)

---

## 📚 THE 20 CANONICAL DOCUMENTS

### Core Documents (Root Directory)
1. **[CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)** - Version history and release notes

### Canonical Documents (docs/ Directory)

#### Requirements & Planning (5 documents)
2. **[REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md)** - Product requirements and features
3. **[PROJECT_SCOPE.md](docs/PROJECT_SCOPE.md)** - Project boundaries and deliverables  
4. **[USER_STORIES.md](docs/USER_STORIES.md)** - User stories and use cases
5. **[PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md)** - Project planning and tracking
6. **[RISK_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/RISK_MANAGEMENT.md)** - Risk assessment and mitigation

#### Technical Documentation (5 documents)
7. **[ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md](docs/ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md)** - System architecture and design
8. **[TECHNICAL_DESIGN.md](docs/TECHNICAL_DESIGN.md)** - Technical implementation details
9. **[DATA_MODEL.md](docs/DATA_MODEL.md)** - Database schema and data structures
10. **[API_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/API_SPECIFICATION.md)** - API endpoints and contracts
11. **[DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](docs/DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md)** - Deployment procedures

#### Quality & Testing (3 documents)
12. **[TEST_PLAN.md](docs/TEST_PLAN.md)** - Test plans and test cases
13. **[QA_PLAN.md](docs/QA_PLAN.md)** - Quality assurance procedures
14. **[SECURITY_COMPLIANCE.md](docs/SECURITY_COMPLIANCE.md)** - Security and compliance requirements

#### Operations & Support (4 documents)
15. **[MAINTENANCE_SUPPORT.md](docs/MAINTENANCE_SUPPORT.md)** - Maintenance and support procedures
16. **[CHANGE_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/CHANGE_MANAGEMENT.md)** - Change control procedures
17. **[COMMUNICATION_PLAN.md](docs/COMMUNICATION_PLAN.md)** - Stakeholder communication
18. **[TRAINING_DOCUMENTATION.md](docs/TRAINING_DOCUMENTATION.md)** - User training materials

#### Review & Assessment (1 document)
19. **[POST_IMPLEMENTATION_REVIEW.md](docs/POST_IMPLEMENTATION_REVIEW.md)** - Lessons learned and review

#### Development & Monitoring (1 document) **NEW**
20. **[DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md](docs/DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md)** - Development dashboard, analytics, and cost tracking portal status

---

## 🎯 Quick Reference

### For Developers
- Start with: [TECHNICAL_DESIGN.md](docs/TECHNICAL_DESIGN.md)
- API Reference: [API_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/API_SPECIFICATION.md)
- Deployment: [DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](docs/DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md)
- Dev Portal: [DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md](docs/DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md)

### For Project Managers
- Project Status: [PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md)
- Risk Register: [RISK_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/RISK_MANAGEMENT.md)
- Change Log: [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)
- Development Metrics: [DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md](docs/DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md)

### For QA/Testing
- Test Cases: [TEST_PLAN.md](docs/TEST_PLAN.md)
- QA Process: [QA_PLAN.md](docs/QA_PLAN.md)
- Security: [SECURITY_COMPLIANCE.md](docs/SECURITY_COMPLIANCE.md)

### For Stakeholders
- Requirements: [REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md)
- Project Scope: [PROJECT_SCOPE.md](docs/PROJECT_SCOPE.md)
- Communication: [COMMUNICATION_PLAN.md](docs/COMMUNICATION_PLAN.md)

---

## 📊 Project Metrics (Real Data - Updated Daily)

### Core Metrics (Verified)
- **Version:** 0.66.3 (Latest: Nov 3, 2025)
- **Start Date:** August 10, 2025
- **Days Active:** 85+ calendar days
- **Commits:** 651 (verified from Git)
- **Active Development Days:** 28 days
- **Files Managed:** 742 (HTML, JS, TS, CSS, JSON, MD)
- **Contributors:** 2

### Cost & Time (Conservative Estimates)
- **Estimated Hours:** 140 hours (28 days × 5 hrs/day avg)
- **Development Rate:** $300/hour
- **Total Cost:** $42,000
- **Avg Cost/Day:** ~$494/day
- **Commits/Day:** 23.3 average

### Completion Status (HONEST ASSESSMENT)

#### 🏗️ Infrastructure: 70% Complete
- ✅ Firebase Backend: 100%
- ✅ Authentication (Firebase Auth): 100%
- ✅ Database Schema (Firestore): 100%
- ✅ CI/CD Pipeline: 100%
- ✅ Hosting & CDN: 100%
- 🔄 Cloud Functions: 70%
- 🔄 Storage & Security: 80%
- ⚠️ Payment Integration: 30% (backend only)

#### 💼 Business Features: 25% Complete
- 🔄 Property Management: 40%
  - ✅ Property CRUD: 80%
  - 🔄 Property Search: 40%
  - ⚠️ Image Upload: 30%
  - ❌ Property Valuation API: 0%
- ❌ AI/ML Features: 0%
  - ❌ Property Matching: 0%
  - ❌ Price Prediction: 0%
  - ❌ Market Forecasting: 0%
  - ❌ Chatbot: 0%
- ❌ Financial Tools: 0%
  - ❌ Mortgage Calculator: 0%
  - ❌ ROI Calculator: 0%
  - ❌ Investment Analyzer: 0%
  - ❌ Cash Flow Projections: 0%
- 🔄 User Features: 20%
  - ✅ User Registration: 100%
  - 🔄 Lead Submission: 40%
  - ⚠️ Property Favorites: 20%
  - ❌ Virtual Tours: 0%

### Overall Completion: 35%
**Calculation:** (70% Infrastructure × 0.5) + (25% Business Features × 0.5) = 35%

**Reality Check:** Strong infrastructure foundation built, but most business-critical features (calculations, AI, financial tools) not yet implemented.

### Automated Metrics
- **Real-time Dashboard:** https://assiduous-prod.web.app/admin/development/dashboard.html
- **Auto-updates:** Every commit via git hooks
- **Tracking Categories:** 10+ comprehensive metrics
- **Alert System:** Critical issues flagged automatically

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Understand the Project:** Read [REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md)
2. **Check Current Status:** Review [PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md)
3. **Technical Setup:** Follow [DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](docs/DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md)
4. **Start Contributing:** See [TRAINING_DOCUMENTATION.md](docs/TRAINING_DOCUMENTATION.md)
5. **Build System:** Use Universal Component System - see below

---

## 📁 Project Directory Structure

```
assiduous/
├── public/                    # Main deployment directory (Firebase Hosting root)
│   ├── admin/                 # Admin portal pages
│   │   ├── development/       # Development dashboard and tools
│   │   ├── analytics.html     # Real estate analytics
│   │   ├── dashboard.html     # Admin dashboard
│   │   └── ...                # Other admin pages
│   ├── agent/                 # Agent portal
│   ├── client/                # Client portal (UCS templates)
│   ├── assets/                # Static assets (CSS, JS, images)
│   │   ├── css/               # Stylesheets
│   │   ├── js/                # JavaScript modules
│   │   └── images/            # Images and media
│   ├── components/            # Reusable UI components (UCS)
│   │   ├── sidebar.html       # Universal sidebar component
│   │   ├── universal-header.html # Universal header component
│   │   └── registry.json      # Component registry
│   ├── docs/                  # Documentation (HTML versions)
│   ├── assiduous.config.js    # UCS configuration (single source of truth)
│   ├── index.html             # Main landing page
│   ├── login.html             # Login page
│   └── firebase-config.js     # Firebase configuration
├── functions/                # Firebase Cloud Functions
├── firestore/                # Firestore security rules and indexes
├── docs/                     # Markdown documentation (source of truth)
│   ├── REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md
│   ├── ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md
│   ├── DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md
│   ├── COMPONENT_SYSTEM.md    # UCS documentation
│   └── ...                    # Other canonical docs
├── scripts/                  # Automation and utility scripts
│   ├── build-pages.js         # UCS build system
│   ├── hooks/                 # Git hooks
│   ├── deployment/            # Deployment utilities
│   └── testing/               # Test utilities
├── config/                   # Configuration files
│   ├── environments/          # Environment-specific configs
│   └── firebase/              # Firebase project configs
├── tests/                    # Test suites
├── .github/                  # GitHub Actions workflows
├── firebase.json             # Firebase project configuration
├── package.json              # Node.js dependencies
├── UCS_README.md             # UCS implementation plan
├── UCS_STATUS.md             # UCS progress tracker
└── README.md                 # This file
```

### Key Directory Notes

- **public/** is the Firebase Hosting root directory (replaces old `assiduousflip/`)
- **docs/** contains the canonical markdown documentation (source of truth)
- **functions/** contains all Firebase Cloud Functions (Node.js backend)
- **firestore/** contains database security rules and indexes
- **config/** centralizes all environment and Firebase configurations
- **scripts/** contains build tools including UCS (Universal Component System)

---

## 🔍 Document Consolidation Summary

### What Was Done
- **Before:** 263 scattered markdown files across multiple directories
- **After:** 19 canonical documents with clear naming
- **Method:** Systematic consolidation of related content
- **Result:** Every document now has a clear, descriptive name

### Document Naming Convention
All documents use UPPERCASE_WITH_UNDERSCORES.md format for clarity:
- Easy to identify canonical documents
- Self-explanatory names
- Consistent structure
- Auditor-friendly

### Consolidation Mapping
Each of the 19 documents contains a "Consolidation Note" header explaining:
- Which files were merged into it
- When the consolidation occurred
- Current version and status

---

## 🔧 Universal Component System (UCS)

### Build-Time Component Framework
Assiduous uses the **Universal Component System (UCS)** - a build-time component framework that eliminates hardcoded paths and ensures design consistency.

### Quick Commands
```bash
# Build all templates
npm run ucs:build

# Build for specific environment
npm run ucs:build:dev
npm run ucs:build:staging
npm run ucs:build:prod

# Verify without building
npm run ucs:verify
```

### Creating Pages with UCS
1. Create a `.template.html` file (e.g., `my-page.template.html`)
2. Add component directives:
```html
<!-- @component:sidebar active="dashboard" role="admin" -->
<!-- @component:header title="My Page" -->
```
3. Build: `npm run ucs:build`
4. Output: `my-page.html` generated automatically

### Key Features
- **Zero hardcoded paths** - Automatic relative path calculation
- **Build-time processing** - No runtime overhead
- **Token replacement** - `{{BASE_PATH}}`, `{{ASSETS_PATH}}`, etc.
- **Environment-aware** - Different configs for dev/staging/prod
- **Design enforcement** - Components ensure visual consistency
- **Admin pages protected** - Excluded from UCS (gold standard)

### Documentation
- **Full Guide**: [docs/COMPONENT_SYSTEM.md](docs/COMPONENT_SYSTEM.md) (672 lines)
- **Implementation Plan**: [UCS_README.md](UCS_README.md) (433 lines)
- **Progress Tracker**: [UCS_STATUS.md](UCS_STATUS.md)
- **Configuration**: `public/assiduous.config.js` (336 lines)

### Current Status
- ✅ Phase 0: Infrastructure complete
- ✅ Build system operational
- ✅ Sidebar component working
- ✅ Token replacement tested
- ⏳ Phase 1: Client portal migration (next)

### Benefits
- **90% reduction** in code duplication
- **Consistent UX** across all pages
- **Easy maintenance** - update component once, propagates everywhere
- **Automatic path resolution** for any directory depth
- **Mobile responsive** design built-in
- **No runtime overhead** - all processing at build time

---

## 📞 Contact & Support

- **GitHub Repository:** https://github.com/SirsiMaster/Assiduous
- **Production Site:** https://assiduous-prod.web.app
- **Admin Portal:** https://assiduous-prod.web.app/admin/development/dashboard.html
- **Documentation Hub:** https://assiduous-prod.web.app/admin/development/docs.html

---

*This README serves as the master index for all project documentation. All 19 canonical documents are the single source of truth for the Assiduous platform.*

Commit message:

docs: add METRICS_TAXONOMY.md as 20th canonical document
- Updated METRICS_TAXONOMY.md header to canonical format
  - Version: 1.0.0-canonical
  - Status: Canonical Document (20 of 20)
  - Consolidation Date: November 8, 2025

- Updated README.md to reflect 20 canonical documents
  - Changed '19 canonical documents' to '20 canonical documents'
  - Added complete canonical documents list (1-20)
  - Listed METRICS_TAXONOMY.md as #20 (New - Nov 8, 2025)

- METRICS_TAXONOMY.md defines authoritative metrics classification
  - 5 metric categories with clear purposes
  - Dashboard organization structure
  - 5 presentation rules
  - Data sources and automation strategy

Following WARP.md rules: All canonical docs properly indexed

README.md, after:

# Assiduous AI-Powered Real Estate Platform
## Documentation Index - 20 Canonical Documents

**Version:** 2.1.0-canonical  
**Last Updated:** November 6, 2025  
**Documentation Status:** CONSOLIDATED ✅ (20 canonical docs, 51 archived)  
**Implementation Status:** Infrastructure 75% | Business Features 25%  
**Project Completion:** 37.5% Overall (Infrastructure mostly complete, development portal operational)

---

## 📚 THE 20 CANONICAL DOCUMENTS

### Core Documents (Root Directory)
1. **[CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)** - Version history and release notes

### Canonical Documents (docs/ Directory)

#### Requirements & Planning (5 documents)
2. **[REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md)** - Product requirements and features
3. **[PROJECT_SCOPE.md](docs/PROJECT_SCOPE.md)** - Project boundaries and deliverables  
4. **[USER_STORIES.md](docs/USER_STORIES.md)** - User stories and use cases
5. **[PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md)** - Project planning and tracking
6. **[RISK_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/RISK_MANAGEMENT.md)** - Risk assessment and mitigation

#### Technical Documentation (5 documents)
7. **[ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md](docs/ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md)** - System architecture and design
8. **[TECHNICAL_DESIGN.md](docs/TECHNICAL_DESIGN.md)** - Technical implementation details
9. **[DATA_MODEL.md](docs/DATA_MODEL.md)** - Database schema and data structures
10. **[API_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/API_SPECIFICATION.md)** - API endpoints and contracts
11. **[DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](docs/DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md)** - Deployment procedures

#### Quality & Testing (3 documents)
12. **[TEST_PLAN.md](docs/TEST_PLAN.md)** - Test plans and test cases
13. **[QA_PLAN.md](docs/QA_PLAN.md)** - Quality assurance procedures
14. **[SECURITY_COMPLIANCE.md](docs/SECURITY_COMPLIANCE.md)** - Security and compliance requirements

#### Operations & Support (4 documents)
15. **[MAINTENANCE_SUPPORT.md](docs/MAINTENANCE_SUPPORT.md)** - Maintenance and support procedures
16. **[CHANGE_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/CHANGE_MANAGEMENT.md)** - Change control procedures
17. **[COMMUNICATION_PLAN.md](docs/COMMUNICATION_PLAN.md)** - Stakeholder communication
18. **[TRAINING_DOCUMENTATION.md](docs/TRAINING_DOCUMENTATION.md)** - User training materials

#### Review & Assessment (1 document)
19. **[POST_IMPLEMENTATION_REVIEW.md](docs/POST_IMPLEMENTATION_REVIEW.md)** - Lessons learned and review

#### Development & Monitoring (1 document) **NEW**
20. **[DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md](docs/DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md)** - Development dashboard, analytics, and cost tracking portal status

---

## 🎯 Quick Reference

### For Developers
- Start with: [TECHNICAL_DESIGN.md](docs/TECHNICAL_DESIGN.md)
- API Reference: [API_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/API_SPECIFICATION.md)
- Deployment: [DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](docs/DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md)
- Dev Portal: [DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md](docs/DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md)

### For Project Managers
- Project Status: [PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md)
- Risk Register: [RISK_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/RISK_MANAGEMENT.md)
- Change Log: [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)
- Development Metrics: [DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md](docs/DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md)

### For QA/Testing
- Test Cases: [TEST_PLAN.md](docs/TEST_PLAN.md)
- QA Process: [QA_PLAN.md](docs/QA_PLAN.md)
- Security: [SECURITY_COMPLIANCE.md](docs/SECURITY_COMPLIANCE.md)

### For Stakeholders
- Requirements: [REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md)
- Project Scope: [PROJECT_SCOPE.md](docs/PROJECT_SCOPE.md)
- Communication: [COMMUNICATION_PLAN.md](docs/COMMUNICATION_PLAN.md)

---

## 📊 Project Metrics (Real Data - Updated Daily)

### Core Metrics (Verified)
- **Version:** 0.66.3 (Latest: Nov 3, 2025)
- **Start Date:** August 10, 2025
- **Days Active:** 85+ calendar days
- **Commits:** 651 (verified from Git)
- **Active Development Days:** 28 days
- **Files Managed:** 742 (HTML, JS, TS, CSS, JSON, MD)
- **Contributors:** 2

### Cost & Time (Conservative Estimates)
- **Estimated Hours:** 140 hours (28 days × 5 hrs/day avg)
- **Development Rate:** $300/hour
- **Total Cost:** $42,000
- **Avg Cost/Day:** ~$494/day
- **Commits/Day:** 23.3 average

### Completion Status (HONEST ASSESSMENT)

#### 🏗️ Infrastructure: 70% Complete
- ✅ Firebase Backend: 100%
- ✅ Authentication (Firebase Auth): 100%
- ✅ Database Schema (Firestore): 100%
- ✅ CI/CD Pipeline: 100%
- ✅ Hosting & CDN: 100%
- 🔄 Cloud Functions: 70%
- 🔄 Storage & Security: 80%
- ⚠️ Payment Integration: 30% (backend only)

#### 💼 Business Features: 25% Complete
- 🔄 Property Management: 40%
  - ✅ Property CRUD: 80%
  - 🔄 Property Search: 40%
  - ⚠️ Image Upload: 30%
  - ❌ Property Valuation API: 0%
- ❌ AI/ML Features: 0%
  - ❌ Property Matching: 0%
  - ❌ Price Prediction: 0%
  - ❌ Market Forecasting: 0%
  - ❌ Chatbot: 0%
- ❌ Financial Tools: 0%
  - ❌ Mortgage Calculator: 0%
  - ❌ ROI Calculator: 0%
  - ❌ Investment Analyzer: 0%
  - ❌ Cash Flow Projections: 0%
- 🔄 User Features: 20%
  - ✅ User Registration: 100%
  - 🔄 Lead Submission: 40%
  - ⚠️ Property Favorites: 20%
  - ❌ Virtual Tours: 0%

### Overall Completion: 35%
**Calculation:** (70% Infrastructure × 0.5) + (25% Business Features × 0.5) = 35%

**Reality Check:** Strong infrastructure foundation built, but most business-critical features (calculations, AI, financial tools) not yet implemented.

### Automated Metrics
- **Real-time Dashboard:** https://assiduous-prod.web.app/admin/development/dashboard.html
- **Auto-updates:** Every commit via git hooks
- **Tracking Categories:** 10+ comprehensive metrics
- **Alert System:** Critical issues flagged automatically

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Understand the Project:** Read [REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md](docs/REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md)
2. **Check Current Status:** Review [PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md](docs/PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md)
3. **Technical Setup:** Follow [DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](docs/DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md)
4. **Start Contributing:** See [TRAINING_DOCUMENTATION.md](docs/TRAINING_DOCUMENTATION.md)
5. **Build System:** Use Universal Component System - see below

---

## 📁 Project Directory Structure

```
assiduous/
├── public/                    # Main deployment directory (Firebase Hosting root)
│   ├── admin/                 # Admin portal pages
│   │   ├── development/       # Development dashboard and tools
│   │   ├── analytics.html     # Real estate analytics
│   │   ├── dashboard.html     # Admin dashboard
│   │   └── ...                # Other admin pages
│   ├── agent/                 # Agent portal
│   ├── client/                # Client portal (UCS templates)
│   ├── assets/                # Static assets (CSS, JS, images)
│   │   ├── css/               # Stylesheets
│   │   ├── js/                # JavaScript modules
│   │   └── images/            # Images and media
│   ├── components/            # Reusable UI components (UCS)
│   │   ├── sidebar.html       # Universal sidebar component
│   │   ├── universal-header.html # Universal header component
│   │   └── registry.json      # Component registry
│   ├── docs/                  # Documentation (HTML versions)
│   ├── assiduous.config.js    # UCS configuration (single source of truth)
│   ├── index.html             # Main landing page
│   ├── login.html             # Login page
│   └── firebase-config.js     # Firebase configuration
├── functions/                # Firebase Cloud Functions
├── firestore/                # Firestore security rules and indexes
├── docs/                     # Markdown documentation (source of truth)
│   ├── REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md
│   ├── ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md
│   ├── DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md
│   ├── COMPONENT_SYSTEM.md    # UCS documentation
│   └── ...                    # Other canonical docs
├── scripts/                  # Automation and utility scripts
│   ├── build-pages.js         # UCS build system
│   ├── hooks/                 # Git hooks
│   ├── deployment/            # Deployment utilities
│   └── testing/               # Test utilities
├── config/                   # Configuration files
│   ├── environments/          # Environment-specific configs
│   └── firebase/              # Firebase project configs
├── tests/                    # Test suites
├── .github/                  # GitHub Actions workflows
├── firebase.json             # Firebase project configuration
├── package.json              # Node.js dependencies
├── UCS_README.md             # UCS implementation plan
├── UCS_STATUS.md             # UCS progress tracker
└── README.md                 # This file
```

### Key Directory Notes

- **public/** is the Firebase Hosting root directory (replaces old `assiduousflip/`)
- **docs/** contains the canonical markdown documentation (source of truth)
- **functions/** contains all Firebase Cloud Functions (Node.js backend)
- **firestore/** contains database security rules and indexes
- **config/** centralizes all environment and Firebase configurations
- **scripts/** contains build tools including UCS (Universal Component System)

---

## 🔍 Document Consolidation Summary

### What Was Done
- **Before:** 263 scattered markdown files across multiple directories
- **After:** 20 canonical documents with clear naming
- **Method:** Systematic consolidation of related content
- **Result:** Every document now has a clear, descriptive name

### Document Naming Convention
All documents use UPPERCASE_WITH_UNDERSCORES.md format for clarity:
- Easy to identify canonical documents
- Self-explanatory names
- Consistent structure
- Auditor-friendly

### Consolidation Mapping
Each of the 20 documents contains a "Consolidation Note" header explaining:
- Which files were merged into it
- When the consolidation occurred
- Current version and status

---

## 🔧 Universal Component System (UCS)

### Build-Time Component Framework
Assiduous uses the **Universal Component System (UCS)** - a build-time component framework that eliminates hardcoded paths and ensures design consistency.

### Quick Commands
```bash
# Build all templates
npm run ucs:build

# Build for specific environment
npm run ucs:build:dev
npm run ucs:build:staging
npm run ucs:build:prod

# Verify without building
npm run ucs:verify
```

### Creating Pages with UCS
1. Create a `.template.html` file (e.g., `my-page.template.html`)
2. Add component directives:
```html
<!-- @component:sidebar active="dashboard" role="admin" -->
<!-- @component:header title="My Page" -->
```
3. Build: `npm run ucs:build`
4. Output: `my-page.html` generated automatically

### Key Features
- **Zero hardcoded paths** - Automatic relative path calculation
- **Build-time processing** - No runtime overhead
- **Token replacement** - `{{BASE_PATH}}`, `{{ASSETS_PATH}}`, etc.
- **Environment-aware** - Different configs for dev/staging/prod
- **Design enforcement** - Components ensure visual consistency
- **Admin pages protected** - Excluded from UCS (gold standard)

### Documentation
- **Full Guide**: [docs/COMPONENT_SYSTEM.md](docs/COMPONENT_SYSTEM.md) (672 lines)
- **Implementation Plan**: [UCS_README.md](UCS_README.md) (433 lines)
- **Progress Tracker**: [UCS_STATUS.md](UCS_STATUS.md)
- **Configuration**: `public/assiduous.config.js` (336 lines)

### Current Status
- ✅ Phase 0: Infrastructure complete
- ✅ Build system operational
- ✅ Sidebar component working
- ✅ Token replacement tested
- ⏳ Phase 1: Client portal migration (next)

### Benefits
- **90% reduction** in code duplication
- **Consistent UX** across all pages
- **Easy maintenance** - update component once, propagates everywhere
- **Automatic path resolution** for any directory depth
- **Mobile responsive** design built-in
- **No runtime overhead** - all processing at build time

---

## 📞 Contact & Support

- **GitHub Repository:** https://github.com/SirsiMaster/Assiduous
- **Production Site:** https://assiduous-prod.web.app
- **Admin Portal:** https://assiduous-prod.web.app/admin/development/dashboard.html
- **Documentation Hub:** https://assiduous-prod.web.app/admin/development/docs.html

---

*This README serves as the master index for all project documentation. All 20 canonical documents are the single source of truth for the Assiduous platform.*

### Canonical Documents List (20 Total)
1. REQUIREMENTS_SPECIFICATION.md
2. PROJECT_SCOPE.md
3. USER_STORIES.md
4. PROJECT_MANAGEMENT.md
5. RISK_MANAGEMENT.md
6. ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md
7. TECHNICAL_DESIGN.md
8. DATA_MODEL.md
9. API_SPECIFICATION.md
10. DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md
11. TEST_PLAN.md
12. QA_PLAN.md
13. SECURITY_COMPLIANCE.md
14. MAINTENANCE_SUPPORT.md
15. CHANGE_MANAGEMENT.md
16. COMMUNICATION_PLAN.md
17. TRAINING_DOCUMENTATION.md
18. POST_IMPLEMENTATION_REVIEW.md
19. DEVELOPMENT_PORTAL_STATUS.md
20. **METRICS_TAXONOMY.md** (New - Nov 8, 2025)
