docs/QR_SYSTEM_STATUS.md, before:

# QR System Implementation Status
**Date:** November 16, 2025 (Updated Phase 0)  
**Status:** Partially Implemented - SendGrid configured, Twilio incomplete  
**Priority:** Critical for MVP Completion

---

## Executive Summary

The QR code system for property sharing and client invitations has been **implemented in code** and is **email-capable in production** with SendGrid secrets configured and bound to Cloud Functions. Twilio SMS secrets are still missing, so SMS delivery paths are effectively disabled. The recent work focused on wiring the infrastructure end-to-end; email flows are ready for production testing, while SMS flows remain dormant until Twilio is configured.

---

## Phase 0 Findings (Nov 16, 2025)

Git and workspace:
- Local and origin/main reconciled (merged version bump)
- Uncommitted changes in 7 files (QR widget integration across 4 property detail pages, functions/index.js, cache, metrics.json)
- Changes focus: proper QR widget script execution and SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL usage

Firebase Secrets status:
- SENDGRID_API_KEY: Configured and accessible
- SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL: Referenced in code (fallback to `SUPPORT_EMAIL` when unset)
- TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID: Placeholder value present (needs real value)
- TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN: Placeholder value present (needs real value)
- TWILIO_PHONE_NUMBER: Missing (secret not set)

Email reply behavior:
- All QR-related email flows (property shares, invitations, referral shares) use a shared support inbox for replies.
- **Support / Reply-To Email:** `sirsimaster@gmail.com` (via `SUPPORT_EMAIL` constant in `functions/index.js`).
- If `SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL` is configured, it is used as the "from" address with `Reply-To: SUPPORT_EMAIL`.
- Otherwise, `SUPPORT_EMAIL` is used as both `from` and `replyTo`.

Property detail page updates:
- All variants now load QR widget HTML and execute embedded <script> tags safely
- Uses async/await and injects scripts into global scope to initialize widget logic

---

## What Exists Today

### ✅ Implemented Features

#### Cloud Functions
1. **`generatePropertyQR`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Generates sequential Assiduous IDs using `generateSequentialId('PROP')`
   - Creates QR codes via `api.qrserver.com`
   - Stores QR data in Firestore property documents
   - Status: Code complete, unported to v2 TS entrypoint, untested

2. **`sharePropertyQR`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Shares properties via email or SMS with tracking
   - Uses SendGrid for email, Twilio for SMS
   - Records shares in `property_shares` collection
   - Status: Code complete, **broken** (missing secrets) and not yet ported to v2 TS entrypoint

3. **`generateReferralCode`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Creates unique referral codes for users
   - Generates QR codes for signup URLs
   - Status: Code complete, unported to v2 TS entrypoint, untested

4. **`sendClientInvitation`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Sends invitation emails to clients
   - Creates temp accounts with tokens
   - Status: Code complete, **broken** (missing secrets) and not yet ported to v2 TS entrypoint

5. **`shareQRCode`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Shares user referral QR codes via email/SMS
   - Status: Code complete, **broken** (missing secrets) and not yet ported to v2 TS entrypoint

6. **`trackPropertyView`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Tracks when shared properties are viewed
   - Updates attribution data
   - Status: Code complete, unported to v2 TS entrypoint, untested

7. **`generateUserQR`** (**canonical v2 callable in `functions/src/index.ts`**)
   - Generates role-aware profile QR codes for users (admin/agent/client)
   - Persists `profileQRCode` and `profileUrl` on the user document
   - Status: **Deployed and tested in production for client My QR page**; admin/agent UI integration pending

#### Frontend Components

**Property QR Widget** (`public/components/property-qr-widget.html`)
- Complete UI component with:
  - QR code display
  - Download button
  - Copy link button
  - Share modal (Email/SMS tabs)
  - Regenerate button
- Status: UI complete, **untested**

**Property Detail Pages**
- `/public/admin/property-detail.html` - QR widget integrated (line 453)
- `/public/client/property-detail.html` - QR widget integrated (line 223)
- `/public/assiduousflip/client/property-detail.html` - QR widget integrated (line 610)
- `/public/property-detail.html` - QR widget integrated (line 469)
- Status: Integrated, **untested**

**Client My QR Page** (`public/client/my-qr.html`)
- Personal QR code for client profiles
- Status: Page exists, **untested**

#### Firestore Collections
- `_id_counters/{TYPE_YEAR}` - Sequential ID tracking
- `property_shares` - Share event tracking with attribution
- `properties/{id}/views` - Property view subcollection
- `client_invitations` - Invitation tracking
- `referrals` - Referral link tracking

#### Documentation
- `docs/QR_SYSTEM_TEST_PLAN.md` - 686-line comprehensive test plan
- `docs/ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md` - Updated with ID Generator and QR system docs

---

## What's Broken

### ❌ Critical Issues (Historical)

> NOTE: SendGrid configuration has since been completed and deployed; email paths are now ready for production testing. The items below are kept for historical context.

#### 1. **Missing SendGrid Configuration** (RESOLVED)
```bash
# Previous state:
SENDGRID_API_KEY: ❌ Not found
SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL: ❌ Not found
```

**Impact (before fix):**
- All email sharing failed silently
- Client invitations could not be sent
- Functions returned `{success: true, emailSent: false}` with warning logs
- Frontend showed success but emails never arrived

**Current State:**
- ✅ `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL` are configured via Firebase Secrets
- ✅ `sharePropertyQR` and related functions deployed with `runWith({ secrets: [...] })`
- ⏳ End-to-end email validation pending manual Phase 1.3 tests

**Location:** `functions/index.js` (QR email flows)

#### 2. **Missing Twilio Configuration**
```bash
# Check reveals:
TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID: ❌ Not found
TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN: ❌ Not found
TWILIO_PHONE_NUMBER: ❌ Not found
```

**Impact:**
- All SMS sharing fails silently
- Functions return `{success: true, sent: false, method: 'sms'}` with warnings
- Frontend shows success but SMS never sent

**Location:** `functions/index.js` lines 742-763, 1000-1023

#### 3. **Zero End-to-End Testing**
- No confirmation that QR widget loads in browser
- No confirmation that Firebase SDK is properly initialized on pages
- No test of actual email/SMS delivery flow
- Violates **RULE 3**: "Test in browser before claiming complete"

#### 4. **Unknown localStorage Usage**
- Unclear if properties are loaded from Firestore or localStorage
- Share events may not be persisting to backend
- Violates MVP requirement for full Firestore integration

---

## Files Involved

### Backend (Cloud Functions)
```
functions/
├── src/index.ts                # Canonical v2 functions (generateUserQR, API, Stripe, RBAC)
├── lib/index.js                # Compiled JS output deployed by Firebase
├── index.js                    # Legacy QR functions (generatePropertyQR, sharePropertyQR, etc.)
├── package.json                # Dependencies: @sendgrid/mail, twilio
├── check-secrets.sh            # Secret validation script
└── set-secrets-from-env.sh     # Secret configuration helper
```

### Frontend (Public)
```
public/
├── components/
│   └── property-qr-widget.html         # Main QR widget component
├── admin/
│   └── property-detail.html            # Admin property QR integration
├── client/
│   ├── property-detail.html            # Client property QR integration
│   └── my-qr.html                      # Client profile QR page
├── agent/
│   └── [Various property pages]        # Agent QR integration needed
└── property-detail.html                # Public property QR integration
```

### Documentation
```
docs/
├── QR_SYSTEM_TEST_PLAN.md      # Comprehensive test scenarios
├── QR_SYSTEM_STATUS.md         # This file
├── ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md      # System architecture with QR docs
├── PROJECT_SCOPE.md            # MVP requirements
└── USER_STORIES.md             # User acceptance criteria
```

---

## Dependencies

### NPM Packages (functions/)
- `@sendgrid/mail` - Email sending (installed, not configured)
- `twilio` - SMS sending (installed, not configured)
- `firebase-admin` - Firestore access (working)
- `firebase-functions` - Cloud Functions (working)

### External Services
- `api.qrserver.com` - QR code image generation (working, no auth needed)
- SendGrid API - Email delivery (configured via Firebase Secrets; production tests pending)
- Twilio API - SMS delivery (not configured)

---

## Next Steps to Repair

### Phase 1: Secret Configuration (Blocker)
1. Obtain SendGrid API key and configure verified sender domain
2. Obtain Twilio credentials and phone number
3. Set Firebase secrets using `firebase functions:secrets:set`
4. Redeploy functions to pick up new secrets

### Phase 2: Frontend Integration
1. Verify Firebase SDK initialization on all QR pages
2. Remove any localStorage mock data for properties
3. Ensure all QR buttons call real Cloud Functions
4. Test error handling and user feedback

### Phase 3: End-to-End Testing
1. Execute QR_SYSTEM_TEST_PLAN.md scenarios
2. Test in browser with DevTools open (RULE 3)
3. Verify zero console errors
4. Confirm email/SMS delivery

### Phase 4: Deployment
1. Follow LOCAL → GITHUB → PROD pipeline (RULE 4)
2. Deploy functions with secrets
3. Deploy hosting with updated pages
4. Smoke test in production

---

## Risk Assessment

### High Risk
- **No actual testing done**: System may fail in unexpected ways
- **Secret management**: Must be done securely without exposing keys
- **Email deliverability**: SendGrid sender domain must be verified
- **SMS costs**: Twilio charges per message, need abuse prevention

### Medium Risk
- **Attribution tracking**: Complex logic, may have edge cases
- **QR scans**: Landing page attribution depends on URL parameters
- **Cross-portal consistency**: Same QR must work in admin/agent/client

### Low Risk
- **QR generation**: Uses external free API, very reliable
- **Firestore writes**: Firebase SDK is stable

---

## Compliance with WARP Rules

- ✅ **RULE 0**: Challenge bad ideas - QR system architecture reviewed
- ⚠️ **RULE 1**: Check Sirsi first - **Not done**, need to check component library
- ✅ **RULE 2**: Implement don't instruct - Full working code exists
- ❌ **RULE 3**: Test in browser - **VIOLATED**, zero browser testing done
- ⚠️ **RULE 4**: Follow pipeline - Ready to deploy, not yet done
- ⚠️ **RULE 5**: Match existing design - QR widget follows UCS, needs verification
- ✅ **RULE 6**: Measure by specs - QR_SYSTEM_TEST_PLAN.md provides metrics
- ✅ **RULE 7**: Enhance don't duplicate - QR system reuses Firebase patterns

---

## Conclusion

The QR system represents **significant development effort** but is still **partially untested and non-functional** due to missing third-party service configurations and legacy JS-only functions. The **profile QR path (`generateUserQR` + `public/client/my-qr.html`) is now deployed and tested in production for client personas**, but property/referral QR flows remain unvalidated until we port the remaining functions to the v2 TS entrypoint and complete end-to-end tests.

**Estimated Time to Fix:** 6-8 hours
- Secret configuration: 1-2 hours
- Frontend integration verification: 2-3 hours
- End-to-end testing: 2-3 hours
- Deployment and production verification: 1 hour

**Priority:** Critical blocker for MVP completion

Commit message:

docs(qr): Align QR status and tests with profile system

docs/QR_SYSTEM_STATUS.md, after:

# QR System Implementation Status
**Date:** November 16, 2025 (Updated Phase 0)  
**Status:** Partially Implemented - SendGrid configured, Twilio incomplete  
**Priority:** Critical for MVP Completion

---

## Executive Summary

The QR code system now covers both **properties** (sharing/tracking) and **user profiles** (role-aware profile pages with QR entry points). Property QR and referral flows remain partially validated due to external service dependencies (SendGrid/Twilio), while **profile QR is fully wired end-to-end** for all personas (client, agent, admin) with dedicated profile pages and settings UIs deployed to production. Email paths are ready for focused testing; SMS remains dormant until Twilio is configured and verified.

---

## Phase 0 Findings (Nov 16, 2025)

Git and workspace:
- Local and origin/main reconciled (merged version bump)
- Uncommitted changes in 7 files (QR widget integration across 4 property detail pages, functions/index.js, cache, metrics.json)
- Changes focus: proper QR widget script execution and SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL usage

Firebase Secrets status:
- SENDGRID_API_KEY: Configured and accessible
- SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL: Referenced in code (fallback to `SUPPORT_EMAIL` when unset)
- TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID: Placeholder value present (needs real value)
- TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN: Placeholder value present (needs real value)
- TWILIO_PHONE_NUMBER: Missing (secret not set)

Email reply behavior:
- All QR-related email flows (property shares, invitations, referral shares) use a shared support inbox for replies.
- **Support / Reply-To Email:** `sirsimaster@gmail.com` (via `SUPPORT_EMAIL` constant in `functions/index.js`).
- If `SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL` is configured, it is used as the "from" address with `Reply-To: SUPPORT_EMAIL`.
- Otherwise, `SUPPORT_EMAIL` is used as both `from` and `replyTo`.

Property detail page updates:
- All variants now load QR widget HTML and execute embedded <script> tags safely
- Uses async/await and injects scripts into global scope to initialize widget logic

---

## What Exists Today

### ✅ Implemented Features

#### Cloud Functions
1. **`generatePropertyQR`** (v2 callable in `functions/src/index.ts`, legacy JS retained for back-compat)
   - Generates sequential Assiduous IDs using `generateSequentialId('PROP')`
   - Creates QR codes via `api.qrserver.com`
   - Stores QR data in Firestore property documents
   - Status: Deployed and wired to property QR widget; property/referral flows still need formal validation

2. **`sharePropertyQR`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Shares properties via email or SMS with tracking
   - Uses SendGrid for email, Twilio for SMS
   - Records shares in `property_shares` collection
   - Status: Code complete, **broken** (missing secrets) and not yet ported to v2 TS entrypoint

3. **`generateReferralCode`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Creates unique referral codes for users
   - Generates QR codes for signup URLs
   - Status: Code complete, unported to v2 TS entrypoint, untested

4. **`sendClientInvitation`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Sends invitation emails to clients
   - Creates temp accounts with tokens
   - Status: Code complete, **broken** (missing secrets) and not yet ported to v2 TS entrypoint

5. **`shareQRCode`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Shares user referral QR codes via email/SMS
   - Status: Code complete, **broken** (missing secrets) and not yet ported to v2 TS entrypoint

6. **`trackPropertyView`** (legacy JS in `functions/index.js`)
   - Tracks when shared properties are viewed
   - Updates attribution data
   - Status: Code complete, unported to v2 TS entrypoint, untested

7. **`generateUserQR`** (**canonical v2 callable in `functions/src/index.ts`**)
   - Generates role-aware profile QR codes for users (admin/agent/client)
   - Persists `profileQRCode` and `profileUrl` on the user document
   - Status: **Deployed and wired in production for client, agent, and admin My QR pages**, with all three persona profile pages implemented and live

8. **`backfillUserProfiles`** (v2 HTTPS `onRequest` in `functions/src/index.ts`)
   - Admin-only endpoint to backfill missing `profile` objects and `profileUrl/profileQRCode` for existing users
   - Supports dry-run and paginated execution
   - Status: Deployed to assiduous-prod and ready for controlled execution

#### Frontend Components

**Property QR Widget** (`public/components/property-qr-widget.html`)
- Complete UI component with:
  - QR code display
  - Download button
  - Copy link button
  - Share modal (Email/SMS tabs)
  - Regenerate button
- Status: UI complete, **untested**

**Property Detail Pages**
- `/public/admin/property-detail.html` - QR widget integrated (line 453)
- `/public/client/property-detail.html` - QR widget integrated (line 223)
- `/public/assiduousflip/client/property-detail.html` - QR widget integrated (line 610)
- `/public/property-detail.html` - QR widget integrated (line 469)
- Status: Integrated, **untested**

**Client My QR Page** (`public/client/my-qr.html`)
- Personal QR code for client profiles
- Status: Implemented and deployed; formal end-to-end validation scheduled under Task 19 (Profile & User QR Acceptance Test)

**Agent My QR Page** (`public/agent/my-qr.html`)
- Personal QR code for agent profiles
- Status: Implemented and deployed; formal end-to-end validation scheduled under Task 19

**Admin My QR Page** (`public/admin/my-qr.html`)
- Personal QR code for admin profiles
- Status: Implemented and deployed; formal end-to-end validation scheduled under Task 19

**Profile Pages** (`public/client/profile.html`, `public/agent/profile.html`, `public/admin/profile.html`)
- Role-aware profile views used as QR targets, rendering `users/{uid}.profile` (photo, bio, location, socials, contact)
- Status: Implemented and deployed; part of the Profile & User QR Acceptance Test

#### Firestore Collections
- `_id_counters/{TYPE_YEAR}` - Sequential ID tracking
- `property_shares` - Share event tracking with attribution
- `properties/{id}/views` - Property view subcollection
- `client_invitations` - Invitation tracking
- `referrals` - Referral link tracking

#### Documentation
- `docs/QR_SYSTEM_TEST_PLAN.md` - 686-line comprehensive test plan
- `docs/ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md` - Updated with ID Generator and QR system docs

---

## What's Broken

### ❌ Critical Issues (Historical)

> NOTE: SendGrid configuration has since been completed and deployed; email paths are now ready for production testing. The items below are kept for historical context.

#### 1. **Missing SendGrid Configuration** (RESOLVED)
```bash
# Previous state:
SENDGRID_API_KEY: ❌ Not found
SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL: ❌ Not found
```

**Impact (before fix):**
- All email sharing failed silently
- Client invitations could not be sent
- Functions returned `{success: true, emailSent: false}` with warning logs
- Frontend showed success but emails never arrived

**Current State:**
- ✅ `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `SENDGRID_FROM_EMAIL` are configured via Firebase Secrets
- ✅ `sharePropertyQR` and related functions deployed with `runWith({ secrets: [...] })`
- ⏳ End-to-end email validation pending manual Phase 1.3 tests

**Location:** `functions/index.js` (QR email flows)

#### 2. **Missing Twilio Configuration**
```bash
# Check reveals:
TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID: ❌ Not found
TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN: ❌ Not found
TWILIO_PHONE_NUMBER: ❌ Not found
```

**Impact:**
- All SMS sharing fails silently
- Functions return `{success: true, sent: false, method: 'sms'}` with warnings
- Frontend shows success but SMS never sent

**Location:** `functions/index.js` lines 742-763, 1000-1023

#### 3. **Zero End-to-End Testing**
- No confirmation that QR widget loads in browser
- No confirmation that Firebase SDK is properly initialized on pages
- No test of actual email/SMS delivery flow
- Violates **RULE 3**: "Test in browser before claiming complete"

#### 4. **Unknown localStorage Usage**
- Unclear if properties are loaded from Firestore or localStorage
- Share events may not be persisting to backend
- Violates MVP requirement for full Firestore integration

---

## Files Involved

### Backend (Cloud Functions)
```
functions/
├── src/index.ts                # Canonical v2 functions (generateUserQR, API, Stripe, RBAC)
├── lib/index.js                # Compiled JS output deployed by Firebase
├── index.js                    # Legacy QR functions (generatePropertyQR, sharePropertyQR, etc.)
├── package.json                # Dependencies: @sendgrid/mail, twilio
├── check-secrets.sh            # Secret validation script
└── set-secrets-from-env.sh     # Secret configuration helper
```

### Frontend (Public)
```
public/
├── components/
│   └── property-qr-widget.html         # Main QR widget component
├── admin/
│   └── property-detail.html            # Admin property QR integration
├── client/
│   ├── property-detail.html            # Client property QR integration
│   └── my-qr.html                      # Client profile QR page
├── agent/
│   └── [Various property pages]        # Agent QR integration needed
└── property-detail.html                # Public property QR integration
```

### Documentation
```
docs/
├── QR_SYSTEM_TEST_PLAN.md      # Comprehensive test scenarios
├── QR_SYSTEM_STATUS.md         # This file
├── ARCHITECTURE_DESIGN.md      # System architecture with QR docs
├── PROJECT_SCOPE.md            # MVP requirements
└── USER_STORIES.md             # User acceptance criteria
```

---

## Dependencies

### NPM Packages (functions/)
- `@sendgrid/mail` - Email sending (installed, not configured)
- `twilio` - SMS sending (installed, not configured)
- `firebase-admin` - Firestore access (working)
- `firebase-functions` - Cloud Functions (working)

### External Services
- `api.qrserver.com` - QR code image generation (working, no auth needed)
- SendGrid API - Email delivery (configured via Firebase Secrets; production tests pending)
- Twilio API - SMS delivery (not configured)

---

## Next Steps to Repair

### Phase 1: Secret Configuration (Blocker)
1. Obtain SendGrid API key and configure verified sender domain
2. Obtain Twilio credentials and phone number
3. Set Firebase secrets using `firebase functions:secrets:set`
4. Redeploy functions to pick up new secrets

### Phase 2: Frontend Integration
1. Verify Firebase SDK initialization on all QR pages
2. Remove any localStorage mock data for properties
3. Ensure all QR buttons call real Cloud Functions
4. Test error handling and user feedback

### Phase 3: End-to-End Testing
1. Execute QR_SYSTEM_TEST_PLAN.md scenarios
2. Test in browser with DevTools open (RULE 3)
3. Verify zero console errors
4. Confirm email/SMS delivery

### Phase 4: Deployment
1. Follow LOCAL → GITHUB → PROD pipeline (RULE 4)
2. Deploy functions with secrets
3. Deploy hosting with updated pages
4. Smoke test in production

---

## Risk Assessment

### High Risk
- **No actual testing done**: System may fail in unexpected ways
- **Secret management**: Must be done securely without exposing keys
- **Email deliverability**: SendGrid sender domain must be verified
- **SMS costs**: Twilio charges per message, need abuse prevention

### Medium Risk
- **Attribution tracking**: Complex logic, may have edge cases
- **QR scans**: Landing page attribution depends on URL parameters
- **Cross-portal consistency**: Same QR must work in admin/agent/client

### Low Risk
- **QR generation**: Uses external free API, very reliable
- **Firestore writes**: Firebase SDK is stable

---

## Compliance with WARP Rules

- ✅ **RULE 0**: Challenge bad ideas - QR system architecture reviewed
- ⚠️ **RULE 1**: Check Sirsi first - **Not done**, need to check component library
- ✅ **RULE 2**: Implement don't instruct - Full working code exists
- ❌ **RULE 3**: Test in browser - **VIOLATED**, zero browser testing done
- ⚠️ **RULE 4**: Follow pipeline - Ready to deploy, not yet done
- ⚠️ **RULE 5**: Match existing design - QR widget follows UCS, needs verification
- ✅ **RULE 6**: Measure by specs - QR_SYSTEM_TEST_PLAN.md provides metrics
- ✅ **RULE 7**: Enhance don't duplicate - QR system reuses Firebase patterns

---

## Conclusion

The QR system represents **significant development effort** but is still **partially untested and non-functional** due to missing third-party service configurations and legacy JS-only functions. The **profile QR path (`generateUserQR` + `public/client/my-qr.html`) is now deployed and tested in production for client personas**, but property/referral QR flows remain unvalidated until we port the remaining functions to the v2 TS entrypoint and complete end-to-end tests.

**Estimated Time to Fix:** 6-8 hours
- Secret configuration: 1-2 hours
- Frontend integration verification: 2-3 hours
- End-to-end testing: 2-3 hours
- Deployment and production verification: 1 hour

**Priority:** Critical blocker for MVP completion
