docs/SECURITY.md, before:

# Assiduous Security Implementation

## Overview

This document outlines the security implementation for the Assiduous platform, specifically focusing on how we secure data using Firebase/Firestore while maintaining security best practices.

## Architecture

### Current Setup
- Frontend: GitHub Pages (static hosting)
- Database: Firebase Firestore (NoSQL cloud database)
- Authentication: Firebase Auth
- Storage: Firebase Cloud Storage

### Security Layer Implementation

```plaintext
Client Request → GitHub Pages → Firebase Auth → Firestore Security Rules → Encrypted Data
     ↑                                                                          ↓
     └──────────────────────── Encrypted Response ─────────────────────────────┘
```

## Security Components

### 1. Firebase Authentication

```javascript
// Auth configuration example
const firebaseConfig = {
  // Config values from Firebase Console
  apiKey: process.env.FIREBASE_API_KEY,
  authDomain: "${PROJECT_ID}.firebaseapp.com",
  projectId: "${PROJECT_ID}",
  // ... other config
};

// Initialize Firebase
const app = initializeApp(firebaseConfig);
const auth = getAuth(app);
```

### 2. Firestore Security Rules

```js
rules_version = '2';
service cloud.firestore {
  match /databases/{database}/documents {
    // Lock down by default
    match /{document=**} {
      allow read, write: false;
    }
    
    // Users collection
    match /users/{userId} {
      // Only authenticated users can read their own data
      allow read: request.auth != null && request.auth.uid == userId;
      
      // Only admins can write user data
      allow write: request.auth != null && get(/databases/$(database)/documents/users/$(request.auth.uid)).data.role == 'admin';
    }
    
    // Properties collection
    match /properties/{propertyId} {
      // Anyone can read public property data
      allow read: true;
      
      // Only verified agents can create/update
      allow create, update: request.auth != null && 
        get(/databases/$(database)/documents/users/$(request.auth.uid)).data.role == 'agent' &&
        get(/databases/$(database)/documents/users/$(request.auth.uid)).data.verified == true;
    }
  }
}
```

### 3. Data Encryption Layer

#### Client-Side Encryption
For sensitive data that needs additional protection beyond Firestore's encryption:

```javascript
// Example of encryption before saving to Firestore
class EncryptionService {
  static async encryptField(value) {
    // Use Web Crypto API for client-side encryption
    const key = await this.getEncryptionKey();
    const iv = crypto.getRandomValues(new Uint8Array(12));
    const encoder = new TextEncoder();
    
    const encryptedData = await crypto.subtle.encrypt(
      { name: 'AES-GCM', iv },
      key,
      encoder.encode(value)
    );
    
    return {
      encrypted: arrayBufferToBase64(encryptedData),
      iv: arrayBufferToBase64(iv)
    };
  }
}
```

#### Sensitive Fields Configuration

```javascript
// Fields requiring additional encryption
const SENSITIVE_FIELDS = {
  users: ['email', 'phone', 'ssn'],
  properties: ['ownerContact', 'accessCodes'],
  transactions: ['financialDetails']
};
```

## Implementation Details

### 1. Firebase Service Class

```javascript
class FirebaseService {
  constructor() {
    this.app = initializeApp(firebaseConfig);
    this.db = getFirestore(this.app);
    this.auth = getAuth(this.app);
  }

  // Secure document creation
  async createDocument(collection, data) {
    if (!this.auth.currentUser) {
      throw new Error('Authentication required');
    }

    const encryptedData = await this.encryptSensitiveFields(data);
    return addDoc(collection(this.db, collection), {
      ...encryptedData,
      createdBy: this.auth.currentUser.uid,
      createdAt: serverTimestamp()
    });
  }

  // Field-level encryption for sensitive data
  async encryptSensitiveFields(data) {
    const sensitiveFields = SENSITIVE_FIELDS[collection];
    if (!sensitiveFields) return data;

    const result = { ...data };
    for (const field of sensitiveFields) {
      if (result[field]) {
        result[field] = await EncryptionService.encryptField(result[field]);
      }
    }
    return result;
  }
}
```

### 2. Security Best Practices

1. **Authentication**
   - Enforce strong password policies
   - Implement MFA for sensitive operations
   - Use secure session management

2. **Data Access**
   - Implement role-based access control (RBAC)
   - Use field-level security rules
   - Encrypt sensitive data before storage

3. **API Security**
   - Rate limiting
   - Request validation
   - CORS configuration

4. **Monitoring**
   - Firebase Analytics integration
   - Security event logging
   - Regular security audits

## Configuration

### Firebase Configuration

1. Create a Firebase project
2. Enable Firestore database
3. Configure Authentication providers
4. Set up security rules

### Environment Variables

```bash
# Firebase config
FIREBASE_API_KEY=your-api-key
FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=your-project.firebaseapp.com
FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id
FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=your-project.appspot.com
FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID=your-sender-id
FIREBASE_APP_ID=your-app-id

# Additional security
ENCRYPTION_KEY=your-additional-encryption-key
```

## Monitoring and Maintenance

### Security Monitoring
1. Firebase Console monitoring
2. Cloud Functions error reporting
3. Regular security rule audits
4. Access pattern analysis

### Regular Maintenance
1. Update Firebase SDK
2. Review and update security rules
3. Rotate encryption keys
4. Update dependencies

## Security Rules Testing

```javascript
// Example security rules test
describe('Firestore security rules', () => {
  it('allows users to read their own data', async () => {
    const db = getTestDb();
    const userId = 'test_user';
    
    await firebase.assertSucceeds(
      db.collection('users').doc(userId).get()
    );
  });
  
  it('prevents users from reading others data', async () => {
    const db = getTestDb();
    const otherUserId = 'other_user';
    
    await firebase.assertFails(
      db.collection('users').doc(otherUserId).get()
    );
  });
});
```

## Emergency Response

1. **Security Breach Protocol**
   - Immediate access revocation
   - Incident documentation
   - User notification process
   - Recovery procedures

2. **Data Recovery**
   - Regular Firestore exports
   - Point-in-time recovery
   - Backup verification

---

*This security implementation leverages Firebase's built-in security features while adding additional encryption for sensitive data.*

Commit message:

docs: update security docs and implementation plan
- Document Firebase architecture change
- Add migration context
- Update implementation timeline
- Add Firebase setup steps

docs/SECURITY.md, after:

# Assiduous Security Implementation

## Overview

This document outlines the security implementation for the Assiduous platform, specifically focusing on how we secure data using Firebase/Firestore while maintaining security best practices.

### Migration from GitHub Storage

Previously, the platform stored data in JSON files within the GitHub repository. This approach had several security concerns:
- Repository data could be accessed by anyone with repo access
- Git history maintained all versions of data
- Repositories could be cloned/downloaded
- GitHub staff could potentially access data
- Encryption keys in GitHub Secrets relied on GitHub's security

To address these concerns, we migrated to Firebase/Firestore, which provides:
- Professional-grade authentication system
- Granular security rules
- Google's infrastructure security
- Real-time updates
- Proper database querying
- Cloud-hosted scalability

## Architecture

### Current Setup
- Frontend: GitHub Pages (static hosting)
- Database: Firebase Firestore (NoSQL cloud database)
- Authentication: Firebase Auth
- Storage: Firebase Cloud Storage

### Security Layer Implementation

```plaintext
Client Request → GitHub Pages → Firebase Auth → Firestore Security Rules → Encrypted Data
     ↑                                                                          ↓
     └──────────────────────── Encrypted Response ─────────────────────────────┘
```

## Security Components

### 1. Firebase Authentication

```javascript
// Auth configuration example
const firebaseConfig = {
  // Config values from Firebase Console
  apiKey: process.env.FIREBASE_API_KEY,
  authDomain: "${PROJECT_ID}.firebaseapp.com",
  projectId: "${PROJECT_ID}",
  // ... other config
};

// Initialize Firebase
const app = initializeApp(firebaseConfig);
const auth = getAuth(app);
```

### 2. Firestore Security Rules

```js
rules_version = '2';
service cloud.firestore {
  match /databases/{database}/documents {
    // Lock down by default
    match /{document=**} {
      allow read, write: false;
    }
    
    // Users collection
    match /users/{userId} {
      // Only authenticated users can read their own data
      allow read: request.auth != null && request.auth.uid == userId;
      
      // Only admins can write user data
      allow write: request.auth != null && get(/databases/$(database)/documents/users/$(request.auth.uid)).data.role == 'admin';
    }
    
    // Properties collection
    match /properties/{propertyId} {
      // Anyone can read public property data
      allow read: true;
      
      // Only verified agents can create/update
      allow create, update: request.auth != null && 
        get(/databases/$(database)/documents/users/$(request.auth.uid)).data.role == 'agent' &&
        get(/databases/$(database)/documents/users/$(request.auth.uid)).data.verified == true;
    }
  }
}
```

### 3. Data Encryption Layer

#### Client-Side Encryption
For sensitive data that needs additional protection beyond Firestore's encryption:

```javascript
// Example of encryption before saving to Firestore
class EncryptionService {
  static async encryptField(value) {
    // Use Web Crypto API for client-side encryption
    const key = await this.getEncryptionKey();
    const iv = crypto.getRandomValues(new Uint8Array(12));
    const encoder = new TextEncoder();
    
    const encryptedData = await crypto.subtle.encrypt(
      { name: 'AES-GCM', iv },
      key,
      encoder.encode(value)
    );
    
    return {
      encrypted: arrayBufferToBase64(encryptedData),
      iv: arrayBufferToBase64(iv)
    };
  }
}
```

#### Sensitive Fields Configuration

```javascript
// Fields requiring additional encryption
const SENSITIVE_FIELDS = {
  users: ['email', 'phone', 'ssn'],
  properties: ['ownerContact', 'accessCodes'],
  transactions: ['financialDetails']
};
```

## Implementation Details

### 1. Firebase Service Class

```javascript
class FirebaseService {
  constructor() {
    this.app = initializeApp(firebaseConfig);
    this.db = getFirestore(this.app);
    this.auth = getAuth(this.app);
  }

  // Secure document creation
  async createDocument(collection, data) {
    if (!this.auth.currentUser) {
      throw new Error('Authentication required');
    }

    const encryptedData = await this.encryptSensitiveFields(data);
    return addDoc(collection(this.db, collection), {
      ...encryptedData,
      createdBy: this.auth.currentUser.uid,
      createdAt: serverTimestamp()
    });
  }

  // Field-level encryption for sensitive data
  async encryptSensitiveFields(data) {
    const sensitiveFields = SENSITIVE_FIELDS[collection];
    if (!sensitiveFields) return data;

    const result = { ...data };
    for (const field of sensitiveFields) {
      if (result[field]) {
        result[field] = await EncryptionService.encryptField(result[field]);
      }
    }
    return result;
  }
}
```

### 2. Security Best Practices

1. **Authentication**
   - Enforce strong password policies
   - Implement MFA for sensitive operations
   - Use secure session management

2. **Data Access**
   - Implement role-based access control (RBAC)
   - Use field-level security rules
   - Encrypt sensitive data before storage

3. **API Security**
   - Rate limiting
   - Request validation
   - CORS configuration

4. **Monitoring**
   - Firebase Analytics integration
   - Security event logging
   - Regular security audits

## Configuration

### Firebase Configuration

1. Create a Firebase project
2. Enable Firestore database
3. Configure Authentication providers
4. Set up security rules

### Environment Variables

```bash
# Firebase config
FIREBASE_API_KEY=your-api-key
FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=your-project.firebaseapp.com
FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id
FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=your-project.appspot.com
FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID=your-sender-id
FIREBASE_APP_ID=your-app-id

# Additional security
ENCRYPTION_KEY=your-additional-encryption-key
```

## Monitoring and Maintenance

### Security Monitoring
1. Firebase Console monitoring
2. Cloud Functions error reporting
3. Regular security rule audits
4. Access pattern analysis

### Regular Maintenance
1. Update Firebase SDK
2. Review and update security rules
3. Rotate encryption keys
4. Update dependencies

## Security Rules Testing

```javascript
// Example security rules test
describe('Firestore security rules', () => {
  it('allows users to read their own data', async () => {
    const db = getTestDb();
    const userId = 'test_user';
    
    await firebase.assertSucceeds(
      db.collection('users').doc(userId).get()
    );
  });
  
  it('prevents users from reading others data', async () => {
    const db = getTestDb();
    const otherUserId = 'other_user';
    
    await firebase.assertFails(
      db.collection('users').doc(otherUserId).get()
    );
  });
});
```

## Emergency Response

1. **Security Breach Protocol**
   - Immediate access revocation
   - Incident documentation
   - User notification process
   - Recovery procedures

2. **Data Recovery**
   - Regular Firestore exports
   - Point-in-time recovery
   - Backup verification

---

*This security implementation leverages Firebase's built-in security features while adding additional encryption for sensitive data.*
